# Scenario-3

Welcome to Scenario-3 :)

In this attack scenario, I will use the Docker image named [rce-hacker-container](https://github.com/Erdemstar/rce-hacker-container), which contains many pentest tools and has Remote Code Execution vulnerability on port 4444. Here I will show you how to do simple network enumeration operations inside the container by exploiting the RCE vulnerability and using kubectl.

## Goals

The goal here should be to generate and capture alarms for the commands run in the container and the network traffic generated by using the tools inside the container.

## Content of Environment file

 - **Namespace Object** : A Namespace object named "vulnerable" has been created. As the work will continue under this namespace, the other objects below are created under this namespace.
 - **Deployment Object** : A Deployment object named "attacker-deployment" with a single replicaSet using the "erdemstar/rce-hacker-container:arm64" (If you are using an Intel or AMD based processor, I recommend you to change the image information to erdemstar/rce-hacker-container:amd64.) image was created under the "vulnerable" Namespace. 
 - **Service Object** : In order to access the Deployment object named "hacker-deployment" under the "vulnerable" Namespace from outside the Cluster, a nodePort type Service object named "attacker-service" has been created.
 - **Deployment Object** : A Deployment object named "vulnerable-deployment" with a single replicaSet using the "erdemstar/vulnerableapp4kubernetes:arm64" (If you are using an Intel or AMD based processor, I recommend you to change the image information to erdemstar/vulnerableapp4kubernetes:amd64.) image was created under the "vulnerable" Namespace. 
 - **Service Object** : In order to access the Deployment object named "vulnerable-deployment" under the "vulnerable" Namespace from in the Cluster, a ClusterIP type Service object named "vulnerable-service" has been created.